---
layout: default
title: Summer 2020 DREU Project Site
---

* TOC
{:toc}

## About Me

My name is Olivia Figueira and I am a senior Computer Science and Engineering major with minors in Mathematics and Economics at [Santa Clara University](https://www.scu.edu/) in Santa Clara, California, graduating in 2021. When it comes to research, I am interested in the fields of security and privacy, human-computer interaction, machine learning, and humanitarian computing. In Summer 2020, I am participating in the virtual CRA-WP DREU at the [University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign](https://illinois.edu/).

## About My Mentors

My mentors are **Dr. Gang Wang** and **Dr. Dakshita Khurana** at the [University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign](https://illinois.edu/) in the [Department of Computer Science](https://cs.illinois.edu/). 

Dr. Wang's research covers a range of topics in Security and Privacy, Internet Measurement, Mobile Networks, and HCI, mostly from data-driven perspectives. Learn more about Dr. Wang's work [here](https://gangw.cs.illinois.edu/).

Dr. Khurana's research focuses on Cryptography and the foundations of Security, and more broadly in Theoretical Computer Science. Learn more about Dr. Khurana's work [here](https://www.dakshitakhurana.com/).

## About My Project

Online social networks (OSNs) face a problem today involving fabricated user accounts. These accounts are becoming increasingly sophisticated and thus harder to detect by real human users. Fake accounts have since begun using more complex generation algorithms for both text and image generation to fool other users into trusting them. However, there are aspects and inconsistencies in these profiles that may lead to users detecting fabricated users, namely semantic, temporal, and stereotypical relationships.

In this project, we will investigate the following research questions:
1. Can average online users detect inter-field semantic relationship inconsistencies and how do such inconsistencies affect users’ trust and behavior towards an encountered profile?
2. Compared to factual inconsistencies how does the reinforcement/defiance of stereotypical relationships affect perceived trust and behavior?
3. How does the perceived user trust and behavior of inter-field inconsistencies compare with traditional intra-field inconsistencies/artifacts?

We will answer these questions leveraging a user study with offline social profiles generated by state-of-the-art generative text and image models in which study participants will be asked to rank profiles as real or fabricated and describe why they made that decision.

*Check back at the end of the summer to access my Final Report on this research project.*

<!-- [My Final Report](files/finalreport.pdf) -->

## My Blog

<!-- Visit this page to check out my [blog](blog.html) where I post weekly updates during my DREU experience. -->

<div class="posts">
  {% for post in site.posts %}
    <article class="post">

      <h1 style="font-size: 20px;"><a href="{{ site.baseurl }}{{ post.url }}">{{ post.title }}</a></h1>

      <div class="entry">
        {{ post.excerpt }}
      </div>

      <a href="{{ site.baseurl }}{{ post.url }}" class="read-more">Read More</a>
    </article>
  {% endfor %}
</div>
