---
layout: post
title: Week 10
---

In the final week of my DREU program, we decided to change the survey platform we are using from Survey Monkey to Qualtrics because the latter provides more of the features we want for our study. We also had to put our Django server on AWS and connect that to our survey. We realized that with Qualtrics, we can significantly improve the survey experience by including the HTML profiles directly in the survey using iframes instead of having the user navigate to another website to view the profiles. 

This involved a lot of work in terms of tweaking the profiles themselves to track certain variables such as clicks and time spent hovering over certain elements on the profile at the same time as tracking timing and clicks in the Qualtrics survey as well. We hope to use the interaction data collected to analyze what aspects of the profiles participants payed the most attention to in their analysis of the profiles as they answer the questions.

We also decided on the pilot study questions and scenario set up this week and created a final draft of the survey itself to get ready to publish and post it on MTurk to start the study. As of week 10, we have not begun the user study, so that will be starting after I completed my program at UIUC. Though I will not be directly involved in starting the study and analyzing the results since it is the end of my program, I am really excited to see the results as I will continue to check in with the project group as the research progresses after the conclusion of my DREU program.

It has been a really great experience working with this group, and because of my experiences with this project and research lab, I have decided I want to pursue my PhD specifically in the field of security and privacy. I am sad that my DREU program is over, but I am excited to continue this work in the future!
