---
layout: post
title: Week 6
---

This week we finalized the methodology for the pilot study. I worked with one of the Ph.D. students in the project group to create the survey platform and sample profiles to show the group what we are thinking of having for the pilot study. We also worked on finding and creating more base profiles and variations for the pilot study now that we have a concrete methodology and explicit criteria for how we will be choosing such profiles. Next week we will finalize the survey questions and introductory questions on the survey.

On Wednesday I attended the REU Lunch and Learn about preparing a competitive application for graduate school. The panelists were really knowledgeable on the topics as they had all worked on admissions at varying levels at UIUC. I learned a lot about the do's and don'ts regarding the application process, such as who to ask for recommendation letters, writing the statement of purpose, and what schools to apply to. We also discussed the process of choosing graduate programs after being admitted. It was a great event given that I am currently working on applying to graduate schools and studying for the GRE, so I had a lot of to-do's coming out of the event.

Being that I have passed the halfway point in my DREU program, I am really excited to see where this project goes as we are gearing towards conducting our pilot study and then soon after our real study. I will be creating a presentation soon for the REU Research Showcase where I'll explain what I've worked on until this point, but I am excited for the next month and to analyze the data we gather from the surveys.
